maybe you think that none of this has
something to do with you
maybe you see this, he thinks it's the
nature maybe when you listen to the
term global warming do you think in
sci-fi movies in groups
radical environmentalists or even worse than
it's been many years before it becomes
actually maybe if you've been
wrong this is our planet the
layer that surrounds us is the atmosphere
its function is to catch some of the
Sun rays and keep them inside the
planet to conserve a temperature
of 15 degrees centigrade otherwise
the sun's rays would escape and
our planet would come down to a
temperature of minus 18 degrees
centigrade this is known as effect
greenhouse and is effected by gases
like water vapor dioxide
carbon methane and others in a
Proper proportion gases effect
greenhouse fulfill their purpose but if
increase their concentration the rays of the
Sun can not escape and the temperature
of the planet rises with repercussions
roses this is the concentration of
carbon dioxide and temperature
global average of the last 30 years and
this is the level of carbon dioxide
in the atmosphere you are not currently
some relationship because they increase the
greenhouse gases there are three
fundamental factors the burning of
fossil fuels the destruction of
forests that absorb dioxide
carbon and the population increase
everything is a vicious circle the population
the world skyrockets
which supposes a greater demand for food
water and natural resources trees
absorb a large percentage of the
emanations of carbon dioxide but
we are currently destroying our
forests and jungles the lungs of our
planet by satisfying the demands that
they take us to the third point of the circle
vicious technologies obsolete being
human still uses plants based on
coal to generate energy this is
translates into 2,500 million tons of
carbon dioxide a year that is expelled
in the environment the excessive use of
car
500 million tons of dioxide
carbon that go straight to the
atmosphere what consequences does it bring
global warming, let's see
trapped higher number of sun rays
and the temperature of the planet increases
this causes even shortage of water and
fires
paradoxically global warming
it also produces rains and floods
more severe because the sun's rays
increase the temperature of the oceans
this causes more evaporation and
more severe rainfall but also
when a hurricane comes in contact with
warmer waters the worst happens
an increase in the occasional temperature
also that the poles defrost and
as a consequence more fresh water enters
to the sea this raises the level of
oceans causing severe floods
the problem is serious if the sea level
climb to 6 meters would sweep places
as florida san francisco holland
beijing shanghai calcutta bangladesh and in
mexico to tamaulipas veracruz tabasco
Campeche
can keep cheating you can follow
thinking still the time to change but
that's not true we have to start
act now here are some simple ones
points you can take to help the
Planet buys savers of
energy turns off electrical appliances in
instead of leaving them on hold reduces the
consumption of heaters and air
conditioning if you can buy a
Hybrid car with electric motor or
than a percentage of 17 kilometers
per liter keep the tires of your
well-inflated automobile shares the
car
walk or use bicycle use less water
hot when bathing wash clothes with
cold or warm water recycles separates
trash plant a tree
we are running out to the planet this
wonderful world that has given us so much
we are still on time but we have
that change our way of thinking and
start acting now
no no no